# Basic Questions

1. Write a function merge to 2 integer arrays. input 2 arrays, output merged array
2. Write a function to find common elemnts from 2 arrays. input 2 arrays, output array of comman elements
3. Write a function to find unique elements from 2 arrays. input 2 arrays, output array of unique elements
4. Write a program to delete nth element of string array
5. Create Bank class with ifsc(text), adrress(text) and id(number) fields. Bank will have only one behaviour i.e performTransaction. Create AbcBank class which is a sub class of Bank. AbcBank will have txnDtls(number) field and reverseTransaction(id) method.
6. Create ImpData class which will have feilds i.e. size(number), cloud(text), lastUpdate(date). Now create DataManagement class, where there would be array of ImpData class with some random static data. DataManagement class will have following features find data with size greate that given size, find data for given cloud, find data between given dates
7. Create UserInuputHelper class, which will be helper utility for getting inputs from user and which will have following methods i.e. readUserName() = convert input to text, readMobileNumber() = convert input to text, readAge() = convert input to number, readAddress() = convert input to text, readBirthDate() = convert input to date
8.  Create a class for displaying menu to user. User can select menu and sub menu for selected menu will be displayed. e.g.  Select Your Choice 1. Cart, 2. Biil, 3. User Info, 4. Exit; if user enter choice 1 Submenu for Cart will be displayed e.g. 1. Add to Cart 2. Remove From Cart 3. Main Menu (Note: question does not asks you implement complete functionality of cart, question wants you to perfom menu and submenu related demontration only, Cart is just example). This class will have choice as member variable and only on function i.e. menuExit()
9. Create Mobile class which will have mobile number(text), country code(number)  as fields. Write a code for performing equality on two mobile objects
10. Write a class Calculator with constructor accepts num1(number) and num2(number) in primary constructor and operator(text) in secondary constructor. In a class there will be a method i.e performCalculation, which will calculate the result. You might need to use if else (Note. This is more specific to kotlin but can be implemented in other languages using constructor overloading)
11. Write a class Fruit with only (primary) constructor with taste(text) as field. Create a class Mango which is subclass of Fruit.
12. Write a class Fruit with only (secondary) constructor with taste(text) as field. Create a class Mango which is subclass of Fruit.
13. Write a private(if possible) class Wallet with amount (number) access limited class, id (number) access limited to package or module, owner(text) access limited to sub class, isOpen (boolean) access to all. Prove access levels are working properly.
14. Create interface LightProvider which will have field intensity(number) and onFlash method. Class with one primary constructor and one secondary constructor should implement this interface. Demonstrate runtime polymorphism.
15. How do you create object of interface and abstract class. Demonstrate by means of examples.
16. Create Gps class with fields latitude(number), longitude(number), radius(number) and a method checkPoint(lat, lng) which will check given lat and lng are inside radius or not. [Hint](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/481144/equation-for-testing-if-a-point-is-inside-a-circle) Also class should provide methods for equality of two objects, and text representation of object. Constructor should accept latitude, longitude and radius. Also provide getter and setter methods.
17. Implement an objected oriented solution for creating the following shapes Ellipse, Circle, Square, Rectangle, Triangle, Parallelogram. Each shape created must have the following parameters : unique id, color. And following functions: color change, move, area, circumference, is inside, copy. [Hint](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50793617/object-oriented-design-shapes)
18. Create abstract class Book, which will have setTitle() abstract method. You have to create another class that extends the abstract class. Then you can create an instance of the new class.Notice that setTitle method is abstract too and has no body. That means you must implement the body of that method in the child class. [hint](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/java-abstract-class/problem)
19. Create abstract class A with abstract method a(), Class B extends A, Class C extends A. Class B is having method b(), Class C is having method c(). Now create Class Abc which will have only one method abc() and which should accept parameter, that can hold objects of both classes i.e  B and C 
20.  Create the structure which will explain overriding in correct way.

